# Data-Analysis-using-Netflix-datasets.-
Everyone knows about Netflix. Netflix is mostly used for watching TvShow and movie.  Can I ask you some questions regarding Netflix? That's the part of my project.  1:  How many movies and TV shows video uploaded by Netflix since 2020? 2: '  Friends' is this a TvShow or movie. ? 3: Brad Anderson is movie director or The director?  4: Netflix started from 2008. But in which year Netflix become popular?  5: How many videos upload by Netflix in 2010 or may be in 2017 or in 2015?  6 : How many TvShow were upload by Netflix in 2010 or in 2013? 7: What are the top3 country which mostly used for shooting movie or TvShow? 8: Netflix mostly upload old movies or New Movies?  More question are also there regarding this csv file. If you want to grab all the information of Netflix than just visit this project.  Let me explain you how to get all answer.   In this project 8-9 python file are there. Each PYTHON file is used for different analysis regarding Netflix. Also Plotting the results using Matplotlib. Also apply MachineLearning algorithm. Just check each python file because each python file contains 80+ line of code . That's why I make different file so that you can easily hacked the information of Netflix.  Hi I am Kunal Mehta from India. I am currently doing my graduation in Computer Science. AI and ml is my passion that's why Python is primary and JavaScript is my secondary language.  I have my YouTube channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8ksoMgnDxRE4cidpiauMww 
